# CLEWS_Mauritius
# Climate, Land, Energy and Water Systems: a Demonstration Model for Mauritius

Mauritius receives plentiful rainfall, however the high population density of the island puts pressure on water resources. The threat of reduced precipitation as a result of climate change is therefore a major concern. The Mauritius government has demonstrated strong leadership in the promotion of a broad range of renewable energy sources, including ethanol. Increasing bio-fuels, however, carries potentially important impacts on the use of water and land.
A CLEWs model of Mauritius explores how energy policy, such as the promotion of renewable sources of energy, can impact the use of water and land. A key concern in this are the prospects for the sugar industry, which to a large extent will determine the future of land and water use. Results suggest that boosting production of bio-fuels in pursuit of more sustainable energy supply and national energy security may compromise water security. The risk of water scarcity worsens if climate change brings less rainfall and higher temperatures to the country.
The modelling exercise sheds light on the interlinkages across a number of SDGs. For example, the attainment of SDG 7 (sustainable energy) may have both positive and negative impacts on other goals, such as SDG 2 (sustainable agriculture), SDG 6 (sustainable water management), SDG 8 (decent work and economic growth), SDG 12 (responsible production and consumption), SDG 13 (climate action) and SGD 15 (sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems).
